[Applause]
[Music]
you know you can't be too careful
what are you you know what I watched
Aladdin with my kids who are you know my
I don't think my two-year-olds ever sat
through a movie but really my furry role
will not watch anything that is in the
cartoon and boy they loved it and we
loved it my hit again in the movie
theater love that so wait for it you'll
pay for it it started that's right go to
the cruise time I will pay for will all
pay for you know it's really great man
when I was uh I was terrified getting
that first call you know because it you
know as a performer you want to go and
you want to do things I just heard you
were talking about the all in the family
yeah and it's like when you go into
something that someone has already
really given an iconic performance it
can be scary you know so I was thinking
about that with the Robin Williams
yeah there's no topping Robin but yeah a
lot of room to take it up a notch but
but you did a great job worried about
like how it's gonna look because this is
not something you have any control over
but it looks so great it's so magical
you know I was uh you know it's my first
time being blue I've never been blue and
you know blue becomes me you know what's
so interesting that that I think people
don't realize is the when I'm blue Genie
there's no part of that character that
is actually me it's a 100% CGI character
it's totally creative oh I thought it
was your head yeah no it's not my head
so you didn't do anything for this but
no
I make my cheats you become more you
become more me but it but it was a it
was such a beautiful experience singing
dancing rapping is this action and
romance and drama and comedy it's like
you were born to play this particular T
years of things that I've cultivated
yeah as a performer and all of them got
used in this movie if there had been a
boxing scene it would have been
everything the sequel you hit survive
you've been all over the world promote
on this movie you've been that well
Europe you've been everywhere so we
started we went we went New York London
Paris Berlin us on your lawns now
[Laughter]
and Jordan is where you shot somebody
shot yeah in Jordan Jordans would they
shoot a lot of movies in Jordan right
yeah you know there they are opening up
and it's one of the places in the region
that is you know we call film friendly
you know New York isn't always film
friendly it's really it's wide open and
they you know the the royal family
really opens it up for you to you know
to be able to use the iconic sights and
things like that and we were out in the
middle of the desert in a place called
Wadi Rum that is arguably one of the
most beautiful places on earth man you
know and it was just how does that work
with the royal family are you when you
come are you then required to is it
expected that you will go to them and
yeah you know it's a royal family you
know so there's all the rules so we had
the know he did have to do all the rules
so you do it there's a there's like an
hour prep where they explain all of the
rules of how to deal with the radiantly
so we're there so we make sure all our
people down and they teach us all the
protocols and we're sitting there you
know I'm okay yeah don't you okay do the
you know apply you know you get all
yourself you know cuz you know you don't
want to be the disrespect of family you
know
touching stranger we take to our
protocol all of that so I'm waiting in
the lobby and I have to stand by myself
and all the day and you know Range Rover
pulls up and His Highness is sitting in
the driver's seat he ain't well buddy
come on let's go that's it
the guy was the hole did your family go
over there with you or not not on this
trip but we we went previously I got
okay do they like Cohen with you on
these movie shoots you know so my family
my family used to enjoy my kids used to
go everywhere so for the first legs and
yours when they had no choice right yeah
for those teenager years and Willow was
the first one that defied me you know
then once willow once well it was like
dad I read I don't want to go she broke
the day she broke it you know and then
the boys like you can defy and Jada are
hosting a television Facebook show yes
yes in which they discussed the watch
this no I don't because it's called read
table talk and it's drastic so they run
this by you the stuff that they're you
know no okay yeah no I didn't like that
it is Eunice Jada and my daughter and
and Jada's mother so it's the three
generation uh it's called read Table
Talk it's on Facebook is that it's
actually fantastic the episodes I could
bear
and they sit down and it's really wide
open raw conversation across the
generations raw yeah you know about a
cornucopia of topics yeah right yeah you
know in the pornucopia of porn addiction
I think was the topic yeah there was one
yeah there was one of those they all go
they all go into a blur who is it most
upsetting me here talk about that your
daughter your wife or your mother
[Applause]
what now what's why are you trying to
kill yourself on Facebook what's going
on with you no no no you misinterpreted
my behaviors okay
please explain all right so yeah I
turned 50 that last year so turn 50 and
and I realized that through my you know
my rise as a movie star I sort of
narrowed the things that I would allow
myself to do mm-hm and it was
interesting somebody was at I was
talking about the genie on Aladdin and
what I could relate to and the genie
wear shackles right so the genie is
essentially a slave to his his power his
powers right and that's part of what I
could relate to it's like Will Smith I
became so popular and as a movie star
and there were only certain behaviors
that were acceptable from Will Smith
right so I sort of set myself free and
allowed myself to be able to do all the
things that I want to do and for my 50th
birthday I decided I'm not going to be
trapped by the persona that I've created
anymore and orange yeah which is which
right except for them
like you and your family are like
jumping out of a plane yeah yeah no I
saw that one okay so I so this is a new
exploration for me Jim saying yeah you
stay in the plane yeah so there's going
to be missteps so I took the whole
family and again Willow was the one she
was like nah that's stupid I'm not going
there so Willard in goes I took my wife
and my mother-in-law and my
father-in-law and my sons we went to
Dubai and we went skydiving right so my
father-in-law he was Eva's last out of
the plane and he comes down and
everybody comes in and you cheer when
everybody comes down and then my
father-in-law comes in and he's totally
unconscious
[Applause]
and I'm looking and he comes down and
they lay and the medics rushed over in
the hole I'm like oh no and Jada looks
at me like and goes and walks over and
we got like we go to the emergency room
and I'm the whole time I'm thinking I'm
like oh no this is where it goes wrong
this is where I lose it all my whole
family you know yeah and it's looking at
me he was like dad you can't push people
out of their concept Rodney is
[Applause]
congratulations on making it to the end
of the YouTube video why not celebrate
by clicking the subscribe button you
earned it